so when you say that this guy was just
like yeah sure I'll give up animal
products and cigarettes I can't even get
guys to give up like cheese and like
this guy is just gonna totally change
his lifestyle I'm like where are these
guys I need to find them he said he
would give it up but he didn't that's my
point though in this case the guys so do
you want a guy who's gonna lie to you
you want a guy who's gonna do it for the
wrong reasons because let's let's be
blunt if you give up meat for [ __ ] are
you ever really big then what does this
really mean to you
I'm just gonna buy the 40 count or
adopts the 40 cats now and call it a day
yeah I'm just really pessimistic that
I'm gonna find a vegan who meets all my
criteria and it's like what I need like
the best scenario scenario that I can
imagine for myself is finding someone
who will just agree to not keep animal
products in the house and if they want
to eat animal products they just have to
do it I am really surprised hear you say
that I am really surprised Wow
what did was okay so don't like keep it
vague but was that what happened with
the last relationship was that like a
sticking point like as you said you you
had a boyfriend broke up was the was the
vegan issue
yeah I told him that I was dishonest I'm
like you said it's not that big a deal
is that what she was not to lie let me
guess like you can keep house because my
thinking was if it did push come to
shove and we were ready to move in
together and he was like ready to bring
in his animal products into the house
then that would be a source of like
contention that I would have to deal
with but no I think I made an issue with
him it was it was honestly I thought it
was I thought it was a stupid excuse but
he's moving in a year from now to
Montreal which I don't think of that car
but like I've done this before so his
his attitude is it's not gonna last
anyway that's that the implicit thing is
that that he's moving out is it no cuz
Canada's like that yeah I know like I
was actually thinking that like if we
lived in England this which is not the
issue
but yeah he was thinking like he was
just like I'm gonna get hurt if I keep
doing this and so we ended things
because he had no faith in our
relationship I suppose yeah but look you
have to achieve also because I mean I I
I talk to a lot of women
all of them women who are trying to
sleep with me so some are more honest
and others but I mean like if you're
with a man and he only became vegan for
you because of you is that ever really
gonna be okay you know so I'll tell you
a real real short story there was a
woman and she did have a boyfriend she
had just moved in with her boyfriend
when she started talking to me on the
Internet
and she openly said to me at the start
she was like [ __ ] like I wish you had
started talking to me like 2 weeks ago
because I just like committed to this
guy and now I'm not saying like you know
that's cool like thank you for your
honesty but so she was a she was a vegan
single mom which again for me is even
more interesting because I have a
daughter and I'm divorced so having a
woman who's like experienced with like
that's a positive from my perspective
she's a vegan second woman should just
committed to a new guy and like she and
her new guy they both use social media a
lot like Twitter and what a snapchat
what I don't even [ __ ] know
just they're not famous but just in
their for their own lives and she kept
catching her boyfriend cheating on her
with hamburgers and like pizza and
cigarettes and cigarettes cuz for her
when he got at the relationship she said
like okay we can commit we can do this
but only if you both quit smoking and
become vegan and he said yes but but I
think it was stuff like like he would
appear on his friends snapchat eat like
you know whatever look I don't cuz I
don't use that kind of social media and
so she would catch him just by looking
at her phone eating meat and smoking
cigarettes you know do it this girl's so
lucky how did she find someone who would
just willingly give up an approach I
your perspective is warm it's really
common it's not that hard Leah I don't
talk about this on my channel but like
yeah in the past three years I think
I've gone out with a hundred guys right
that's a significant sample size okay
all right good yeah yeah so in like out
of all of them I don't know how many how
many boyfriends that I had like there's
been a few none of them none of them are
willing to like give up the animal
products for me and so when you say that
this guy was just like yeah sure I'll
give up animal products and cigarettes
like I can't even get guys to give up
like cheese and like this guy is just
gonna totally change his lifestyle I'm
like where are these guys I need to find
them he said he would give it up but he
didn't that's my point though in this
case the guys so do you want a guy who's
gonna lie to you and you want a guy
who's gonna do it for the wrong reasons
cuz let's let's be blunt if you give up
meat for [ __ ] are you ever really a big
and you don't like woman one of my
professors he's a little bit famous in
Canada
do you remember Bob ray Bob Ray was a
major politician in Canada he was like
he was like leader of the Liberal Party
and [ __ ] anyway whatever he was a major
politician Canada Bob ray became Jewish
he converted to Judaism for [ __ ] so
what the [ __ ] is the meaning of your
religion like how can you take it
seriously I don't mind like I'm not a
religious Jew at all and Bob racing who
is a Christian guy who only became
Jewish for you know for love whatever
you want to say and he would get up he
would make lectures on politics and he
would get up at the microphone and start
the lecture with you know I'd like to
quote the great rabbi Hillel [ __ ]
Jewish philosophers in this really
pretentious way you sitting there like
dude dude I'm so happy you got laid I'm
so happy but if you if it if it didn't
work out at any point if you broke up
with her or if you got divorced would
you still be getting up in the
microphone and see if your philosophy if
your ethics your religion are tied to
your sex
then what does this really mean to you
like how can you pretend like this is
Canadian politics where Jewish
philosophy was a politician in Israel or
something I don't know but you're
getting up and giving this really
pretentious quote you know the great
rabbi Hillel once said you know you know
there was this thing that happened
during the Holocaust come on so that's
I'm saying if your boyfriend does that
even if he does it for you is it ever
really real you know I just feel like I
don't have any that sounds so great I'm
just such a pessimist but maybe you're
way more of a dominant personality on
YouTube than you are in real life
because I'm really like I'm really
really surprised that the men in your
life would not like like tomorrow see
I'm surprised that even if a guy was
just your friend or girls like you even
if there's no sex but I would think that
the people in your life would kind of
just respond to your dominance or your
influence by getting on board getting
out but maybe in real life you're way
more shy or submissive I would say I'm
certainly not shy and really like the
opposite but I'm I'm a doormat I it's a
problem I need to be more assertive and
that's what comes out so the other side
comes out on YouTube I guess so I
understand the pattern right yeah like I
guess diplomat like I just like to keep
the peace I don't like to rock the boat
like that's my natural state I do try
like there's times when I realize I need
to speak up but it's usually when it's
very pressing like I will do it once it
becomes very pressing but otherwise no
and I wish I was a bit more assertive
I'm working on that for me for me I'm at
the opposite extreme
I have only one friend who's really
heavily into BDSM I'm not into BDSM but
I've known other people I've had other
people my life I went to BDSM and
they'll say oh you're a natural Dom like
you're
dominating and [ __ ] it's like you know
so like nobody it is it is really true
like for me I almost have the opposite
problem because I'm I'm very confident
and this is just like factually true
like if there's a woman in my life who
smoked cigarettes I don't even have to
tell her to quit if she's in love with
me or spending time because she quit
smoking like she stopped smoking and
like you know other like even alcohol
cuz like I don't even really preach
against the alcohol I just don't drink
I'm not you've you've seen my videos not
stuff you know my attitude but like I
don't I don't regard alcohol as immoral
in the same sense that Mead is immoral
like you're not hurting someone other
than yourself by drinking alcohol but
I've I can't imagine being in a
situation where I'm with a woman who
even just continues drinking alcohol
around me because I'm you know I'm the
very very dominant influence on the
people my life which includes
heterosexual men who are not in love
with me
you know I tend to just be this really
really big influence in people's lives
if I care about them and take care of me
but I think that creates a different
problem because then it's like well you
know am I even really hearing the
woman's voice like you know what if she
really wants to deal with her life is
eat meat and smoke cigarettes and live
you know I mean like me you know like
what if this isn't who she really is
what if she's putting on a fake
character just to please me and she may
not even be aware of that right because
you try to please if you love someone
you try to please let me try to make
them happy and you maybe lose track of
who you really are or why you're doing
it you know
people fall in love with you and they
don't give a [ __ ] about your feelings
[Laughter]
it's like I said when I met that other
guy the guy you slept with a million
women just by lying to them I learn I'm
learning what your
it's a totally different experience I
don't think a large part of our
different experiences just fine general
that like I'm very feminine um I think
it's a spectrum right like I'm certainly
like wait I find the feminine side and
so I I tend to like men who are very
masculine and so I suppose a typical
masculine trait that comes with being
very masculine is being very dominant
great and guys like that they like a
hundred guys in just a couple years but
I find guys like that the more masculine
they are like the less they're willing
to listen but I don't know and guys like
that they look for passive girls who are
more passive and more gentle I suppose
and so I know that they're looking for
that and I guess subconsciously or
otherwise I do try to fill that role
because it's like you said it makes them
happy so I've noticed when I'm with guys
for like you know slightly more feminine
not quite as masculine that I do become
more like dominant and even in small
things like when I'm with a guy who's
really masculine I just I let him decide
everything that he can decide the
restaurant where we sit like I'm totally
fine to like take on that passive role
but then when he's more feminine like
yeah actually I really don't want to eat
there no I really don't want to sit at
that table I know you want to separately
I really want and they put up with it
whereas the more masculine guys are less
willing to put up a fight it's very
strange and I don't know I don't know
which I prefer
actually there's constables so plural
marriage you can have both you can be
like an isiand you could have two
husbands all over social media - look I
don't know I mean like you know again
we'll keep you on the real I don't know
if you saw my video I did I had Jason
Posey know in it and a few other people
where I criticized this idea of like
having a list of what of what you're
looking for but you know like I I really
don't have a list
I really meet different women and
them tell me who they are and I kind of
let us figure out our common ground my
catchphrase but I have to say this all
the time it's just like look I meet
people with an open heart and open mind
I find out who they are and what common
ground with God and what we can build on
but I really mean that like I know what
challenge sounds shallow and trite the
reason why I date younger women is that
women my own age are already married
with kids there do you take it you know
but like it's really not like it's
really not like I've got a preference
here to date yeah but yes all the women
I'm both possibly in action involved
with are way younger than me you may be
in that situation soon too you're at a
university you could be dating 18 year
old guys soon enough that's the good one
so they get old they're already taken I
don't think every year counts at that
age when it's like 24 verses 19 and
that's a big gap that's a big gap no way
no way like a younger guy it was
actually my longest relationship but it
was only a one-year difference and I was
like 18 19 so you know it's not even an
age gap but I just I find especially at
my age like the difference between who I
was as a person at 20 and 21 was so
stark right I changed so much and then
from 21 to 22 I changed a lot but I
noticed from like 22 to 23 not as much
you know a 23 I'm basically more or less
the same person so to even date someone
at my age was 2 or 2 years younger just
it's there's so much happens just within
that time frame
so that's you know that's interesting
you say you named the same magic age I
ate I named I get some of some questions
not really criticism about that but I've
said enough you saw those videos where I
said I make 23 the cutoff and like for
me 20 I don't just mean like cutoff for
dating but like I gave examples like if
I meet a much younger guy and he's been
reading like neo-nazi stuff on the
internet he's been influenced by like in
the unity stuff I won't talk to a 19
year old
about that the same way I talked to a 24
year old cuz for me like 23 is the
cutoff because I think like genuinely
like you can meet a guy who's 19 who
really who really in a childlike way has
been kind of brainwashed or influenced
by like it's a good example neo Nazi
propaganda on the Internet and I do
respond to that differently then if a
dachshund was a fully grown adult where
it's gonna be more of a hard-edged
conversation to say come on you should
[ __ ] know better than to be you know
if you you should know how to do the
research you should know how to figure
out what's true and what's what's false
but yeah for me 23 is is the cutoff but
the bad news about that is and you're
gonna see this a lot as life goes on
people do not get more mature as they
get older five year-olds are not more
mature than 25 year olds like I think
that really said were like after 23
there's no more natural progression
without you really wanting it or some
kind of horrible tragedy happening to
you yes you know if you were taken
hostage in Colombia you feel a lot older
after you know like the reason I
remember I dated this guy I don't think
I would I don't know I don't think I'd
ever do this again I was young and
foolish but he was like 10 and 11 years
older than me right and so at the time I
was expecting him to be so mature like
he had a job right like he's a doctor
like I expected him to be so mature and
have it together and he was not at all
like it was so shocking to me how well
it got along because we got along so
well because he was as mature as me
right and so I guess that's why he's so
willing to date someone who was like 20
years old when he's 31
but like looking back I'm wonder like
could he not get anyone older because
yeah they all recognize you know
immaturity like this so that's when I
learned that and the older I get the
more I realized that that grown-ups like
I as a child or even a young person I
don't pick up on it but like as now that
I'm older I pick up like even like
people who are more mature
old and older than me like they're still
insecure about odd things you think they
would have grown out of you know they
still they they still like their
reasoning like how easily they take
offense like everything that you would
just attribute to like youth doesn't
change
yeah and that was very shocking a very
shocking revelation I have to say when I
first realized that and it's kind of
like learning that for me I hang out
when I was at university in Canada I
hang out with both the university
students and the professors and they're
going through the same [ __ ] like that's
and that's a place that's really weird
but everything whether it's like
girlfriend-boyfriend issues
we're like weight loss issues because I
like sat there and talk to professor's
see what like all the insecurities and
the same like immature ways of thinking
about politics and even the same stuff
in the Internet the professors and the
students are going through the same
things honestly yes sir I go on I'm
joking in but like that's a really weird
perspective because I was at university
at an age where I was hanging out with
both students and professors well I
think the most that I think the most
scandalous they never happened to me was
actually it was a very negative
experience I mmm it left a bad taste in
my mouth
I had this prof I saw I was currently
enrolled in his class right he's marking
my stuff and he was like really into me
and it was I didn't feel like I could
say anything because he's my stuff and
he was like I was 22 he was exactly 20
years older than me actually and it was
okay and he was was he single or was he
married or did you not know this bit so
he never mentioned any kind of wife
during the class right and so I was
talking to my friend who had had this
cross before and she mentioned how he
always talks about his wife and I was
like I didn't realize he was married and
it wasn't the end of the course like
that he mentioned oh by the way like I'm
a wife and like like for me I never flat
out just like rejected him rape because
he's marking my stuff but I never like
tried to encourage it either man
I should have gotten a better mark in
that class considering what I had to
cope with but